team 1 vs. team 0
100 vs. -500
backstabber vs. loyal
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 2 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 0
100 vs. 0
blamer to other vs. loyal
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 3 vs. team 1
-400 vs. 100
blamer to other vs. backstabber
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 3 vs. team 2
100 vs. 0
blamer to other vs. loyal vengeful
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 4 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 4 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 5 vs. team 0
66 vs. -331
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 5 vs. team 1
-335 vs. -133
betray every 3rd round vs. backstabber
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 5 vs. team 2
-50 vs. -250
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb

team 5 vs. team 3
66 vs. -233
betray every 3rd round vs. blamer to other
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 5 vs. team 4
-49 vs. -250
betray every 3rd round vs. loyal vengeful
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc

team 6 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 6 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 6 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 6 vs. team 5
-249 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 7 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
supporter of blaming other vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 1
-500 vs. 100
supporter of blaming other vs. backstabber
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 7 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
supporter of blaming other vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 3
50 vs. 100
supporter of blaming other vs. blamer to other
cococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 7 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
supporter of blaming other vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 7 vs. team 5
-333 vs. 66
supporter of blaming other vs. betray every 3rd round
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 7 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
supporter of blaming other vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 8 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 8 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -49
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 8 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 8 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 1
-255 vs. -244
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. backstabber
cbcbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 9 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 3
98 vs. 100
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. blamer to other
ccocoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 9 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 5
-216 vs. -213
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 9 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 9 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful with permanent second impression vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 10 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 10 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 10 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 10 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 1
-377 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 11 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 11 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -49
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 11 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 11 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 12 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 12 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccb
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbb

team 12 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 12 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 13 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 13 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 5
-250 vs. -49
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 13 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 13 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 1
-376 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 14 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 14 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 5
-249 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 14 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 14 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 0
11 vs. -59
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal
ccccccbcccbcccbbccccccccccccbccccccbccbcccccccbccccccccbcccccccccccccccccbbccccccccbccbccccccccccccccccbcccccccccccccccccccccccb
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 1
-371 vs. -81
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. backstabber
cbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 15 vs. team 2
-133 vs. -151
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccc
ccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccc

team 15 vs. team 3
9 vs. 54
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcccbcccccccccbccccccccccccccccbccccccccccbccbcccccccccccccccbcccbccccccccbccbccccccccb
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 15 vs. team 4
-137 vs. -160
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
ccbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbbccc
cccbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbcbcbcbccc

team 15 vs. team 5
-247 vs. -59
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbcbcbcbccbcbbccbccbccbccbcbcbcbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbcc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 15 vs. team 6
-109 vs. -120
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 7
11 vs. -56
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. supporter of blaming other
cccbcccccccccccbcccbcccbccccccbcccccccccccccbccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbccbcccccbccccccccbbcccbc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 8
-96 vs. -117
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccbbcccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccb
ccccccccccccbccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccc

team 15 vs. team 9
-187 vs. -190
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
cccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
ccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb

team 15 vs. team 10
-156 vs. -180
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccbcbcbbcbcbcbbcbcbbc
cccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccbcbcbccbcbcbccbcbc

team 15 vs. team 11
-117 vs. -145
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbbcccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccbbbcbbccccccccccccccbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
ccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccbcbcbcccccccccccccccbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 15 vs. team 12
-170 vs. -180
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccbbcccccccbcbcbcb
cccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccbccccccccbcbcbc

team 15 vs. team 13
-106 vs. -132
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccccbbcccbbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
ccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccccbccccbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 15 vs. team 14
-182 vs. -196
loyal vengeful occasionally greedy vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccbcbcbcbcbcbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbc
ccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc

team 16 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 1
-375 vs. -75
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcb
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 16 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 16 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 5
-249 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 16 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 14
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 16 vs. team 15
-182 vs. -160
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
ccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccc
cccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbbcbcbbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccc

team 17 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 1
-377 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 17 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 17 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 5
-248 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 17 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 14
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 17 vs. team 15
-129 vs. -112
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccbc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccbcb

team 17 vs. team 16
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 1
-451 vs. 100
loyal displacer of blame vs. backstabber
cocococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococ
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 18 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal displacer of blame vs. blamer to other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 18 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 5
-300 vs. 66
loyal displacer of blame vs. betray every 3rd round
ccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccoccocc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcb

team 18 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 14
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 15
-52 vs. 12
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
ccccccccocccccococcccccccocccoccocccccccccccccccccccccccocccccccccccccccoccccccccccccccccococcccccccoccocccccccoccccccocccccccccccccoccccccccoccc
cccccccbbccccbcbccccccccbcccbccbcccccccccccccccccccccccbcccccccccccccccbccccccccccccccccbcbbcccccccbccbcccccccbccccccbcccccccccccccbccccccccbcccc

team 18 vs. team 16
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 18 vs. team 17
0 vs. 0
loyal displacer of blame vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 0
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 1
-377 vs. -74
loyal vengeful vs. backstabber
cbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbc
bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb

team 19 vs. team 2
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 3
0 vs. 100
loyal vengeful vs. blamer to other
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo

team 19 vs. team 4
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 5
-249 vs. -50
loyal vengeful vs. betray every 3rd round
ccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbccbc
cbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbcbbc

team 19 vs. team 6
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 7
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. supporter of blaming other
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 8
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 9
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 10
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 11
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 12
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 13
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 14
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 15
-159 vs. -142
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
ccccbccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbc
cccbbcccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccbcbcbcbcbcbcbbcccccccccccccbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbcbbccccccccccccccccccccbcbcbcbcb

team 19 vs. team 16
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 17
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal vengeful
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
cccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc

team 19 vs. team 18
0 vs. 0
loyal vengeful vs. loyal displacer of blame
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc
ccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccccc




	Each column shows score earned per round against each other player.


	P0	P1	P2	P3	P4	P5	P6	P7	P8	P9	P10	P11	P12	P13	P14	P15	P16	P17	P18	P19	
P0	0	100	0	100	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	11	0	0	0	0	
P1	-500	0	-375	-400	-376	-335	-375	-500	-376	-255	-375	-377	-375	-375	-376	-371	-375	-377	-451	-377	
P2	0	-75	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-133	0	0	0	0	
P3	0	100	0	0	0	66	0	50	0	98	0	0	0	0	0	9	0	0	0	0	
P4	0	-74	0	100	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-137	0	0	0	0	
P5	-331	-133	-250	-233	-250	0	-249	-333	-250	-216	-250	-250	-250	-250	-249	-247	-249	-248	-300	-249	
P6	0	-75	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-109	0	0	0	0	
P7	0	100	0	100	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	11	0	0	0	0	
P8	0	-75	0	100	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-96	0	0	0	0	
P9	0	-244	0	100	0	-213	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-187	0	0	0	0	
P10	0	-75	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-156	0	0	0	0	
P11	0	-74	0	100	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-117	0	0	0	0	
P12	0	-75	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-170	0	0	0	0	
P13	0	-75	0	100	0	-49	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-106	0	0	0	0	
P14	0	-74	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-182	0	0	0	0	
P15	-59	-81	-151	54	-160	-59	-120	-56	-117	-190	-180	-145	-180	-132	-196	0	-182	-129	-52	-159	
P16	0	-75	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-160	0	0	0	0	
P17	0	-74	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-112	0	0	0	0	
P18	0	100	0	100	0	66	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	12	0	0	0	0	
P19	0	-74	0	100	0	-50	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	0	-142	0	0	0	0	
Total:	-889	-948	-775	1021	-785	-932	-742	-837	-742	-562	-804	-770	-804	-756	-819	-2372	-804	-752	-800	-783	


 Average per round, with team strategy names:

player 0: -45 points: loyal
player 1: -48 points: backstabber
player 2: -39 points: loyal vengeful
player 3: 51 points: blamer to other
player 4: -40 points: loyal vengeful
player 5: -47 points: betray every 3rd round
player 6: -38 points: loyal vengeful
player 7: -42 points: supporter of blaming other
player 8: -38 points: loyal vengeful
player 9: -29 points: loyal vengeful with permanent second impression
player 10: -41 points: loyal vengeful
player 11: -39 points: loyal vengeful
player 12: -41 points: loyal vengeful
player 13: -38 points: loyal vengeful
player 14: -41 points: loyal vengeful
player 15: -119 points: loyal vengeful occasionally greedy
player 16: -41 points: loyal vengeful
player 17: -38 points: loyal vengeful
player 18: -40 points: loyal displacer of blame
player 19: -40 points: loyal vengeful


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is the code that produced this data:

from __future__ import print_function

''' 
PrisonerDilemma.py allows hard-coding different strategies
for the Iterative Prisoners Dilemma, the canonical game of game-theory.
Each strategy plays 100 to 200 rounds against each other strategy.
The results of all previous rounds within a 100-200 round stretch are known
to both players. 

play_tournament() executes the tournament and stores output in tournament.txt

Players should each code their strategies in their assigned section of code.

Aggregated results are stored in tournament.txt

Unpublished work (c)2013 Project Lead The Way
CSE Project 1.3.5 Collaborating on a Project
Draft, Do Not Distribute
Version 2/16/2017  DH & RR
'''

import random
def play_round(player1, player2, history1, history2, score1, score2):
    '''
    Calls the get_action() function which will get the characters
    'c' or 'b' for collude or betray for each player.
    The history is provided in a string, e.g. 'ccb' indicates the player
    colluded in the first two rounds and betrayed in the most recent round.
    Returns a 4-tuple with updated histories and scores
    (history1, history2, score1, score2)
    '''
    
    RELEASE = 0 # (R) when both players collude
    TREAT = 100 # (T) when you betray your partner
    SEVERE_PUNISHMENT = -500 # (S) when your partner betrays you
    PUNISHMENT = -250 # (P) when both players betray each other
    # Keep T > R > P > S to be a Prisoner's Dilemma
    # Keep 2R > T + S to be an Iterative Prisoner's Dilemma
    
    #Get the two players' actions and remember them.
    action1 = get_action(player1, history1, history2, score1, score2)
    action2 = get_action(player2, history2, history1, score2, score1)
    if type(action1) != str:
        action1=' '
    if type(action2) != str:
        action2=' '
    #Append the actions to the previous histories, to return
    new_history1 = history1 + action1
    new_history2 = history2 + action2
    
    #Change scores based upon player actions
    if action1 not in ('c','b','o') or action2 not in ('c','b','o'):
    # Do nothing if someone's code returns an improper action
        new_score1 = score1
        new_score2 = score2
        
    else: 
    #Both players' code provided proper actions
        if action1 == 'c':
            if action2 == 'c':
                # both players collude; get reward
                new_score1 = score1 + RELEASE
                new_score2 = score2 + RELEASE
            elif action2 == 'o':
                # player 1 colludes, player 2 blames other; 1 is alright, 2 gets reward
                new_score1 = score1 + RELEASE
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
            else:
                # players 1,2 collude, betray; get sucker, tempation
                new_score1 = score1 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
        elif action1 == 'o':
            if action2 == 'c':
                # player 1 blames other, player 2  collude; 1 gets reward, 2 is alright
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
                new_score2 = score2 + RELEASE
            elif action2 == 'o':
                # both players blame other; both get reward
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
            else:
                # player 1 blames other, player 2 betray; 1 gets reward and sucker, 2 gets reward
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT
        else:
            if action2 == 'c':
                # players 1,2 betray, collude; get tempation, sucker
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
                new_score2 = score2 + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT    
            elif action2 == 'o':
                # player 1 betray, player 2 blames other; 1 gets reward, 2 gets reward and sucker
                new_score1 = score1 + TREAT
                new_score2 = score2 + TREAT + SEVERE_PUNISHMENT                   
            else:
                # both players betray; get punishment   
                new_score1 = score1 + PUNISHMENT
                new_score2 = score2 + PUNISHMENT
                    
    #send back the updated histories and scores
    return (new_history1, new_history2, new_score1, new_score2)
   
def play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2):
    '''
    Plays a random number of rounds (between 100 and 200 rounds) 
    of the iterative prisoners' dilemma between two strategies.
    identified in the parameters as integers.
    Returns 4-tuple, for example ('cc', 'bb', -200, 600) 
    but with much longer strings 
    '''
    number_of_rounds = random.randint(100,200)
    moves1 = ''
    moves2 = ''
    score1 = 0
    score2 = 0
    for round in range(number_of_rounds):
        moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
            play_round(player1, player2, moves1, moves2, score1, score2)
    return (moves1, moves2, score1, score2)

def get_action(player, history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score, getting_team_name=False):
    '''Gets the strategy for the player, given their own history and that of
    their opponent, as well as the current scores within this pairing.
    The parameters history and opponenet history are strings with one letter
    per round that has been played so far: either an 'c' for collude or a 'b' for 
    betray. The function should return one character, 'c' or 'b'. 
    The history strings have the first round between these two players 
    as the first character and the most recent round as the last character.'''
      
    ######
    ######
    #
    # This example player always colludes
    if player == 0:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal'
        else:
            return 'c'

    
        
            
                
                    
                            
    ######
    ######
    #
    #This example player always betrays.      
    elif player == 1:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'backstabber'
        else:
            return 'b'








    ######
    ######
    #   
    #This example player is silent at first and then 
    #only betrays if they were a sucker last round.
    elif player == 2:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray if they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    ######
    ######
    #   
    #This example player always blames other.
    elif player == 3:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'blamer to other'
        else:
            return 'o'








    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 4:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude

    
    
    
    
    # EACH STUDENT TEAM CAN CHANGE ONE OF THESE elif SEGMENTS OF CODE.







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 5:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'betray every 3rd round'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            size = len(history)
            if(size%3==0): #the number of rounds played is a multiple of 3
                return 'c'
            else:
                return 'b'
    
    
    








    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 6:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    
    
    





    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 7:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'supporter of blaming other'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='o':
                return 'o' # support his/her partner in blaming other
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    










    ######
    ######       
    #
    elif player == 8:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were sucker last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude











    ######
    ######        
    #
    elif player == 9:
        if getting_team_name:
            #if there was a previous round just like 
            return 'loyal vengeful with permanent second impression'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy      
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            else:
                # if there was a previous round just like the last one,
                # do whatever they did in the round that followed it
                recent_round_opponent = opponent_history[-1]
                recent_round_me = history[-1]
                            
                #go through rounds before that one
                for round in range(len(history)-1):
                    prior_round_opponent = opponent_history[round]
                    prior_round_me = history[round]
                    #if one matches
                    if (prior_round_me == recent_round_me) and \
                            (prior_round_opponent == recent_round_opponent):
                        return opponent_history[round]
                # no match found
                if history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                    return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
                else:
                    return 'c' #otherwise collude












    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 10:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude










    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 11:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude









    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 12:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude










    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 13:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    


    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 14:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 15:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful occasionally greedy'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                if random.random()<0.1: #10% of the other rounds
                    return 'b'         #betray
                else:
                    return 'c'         #otherwise collude
    
    
    
    



    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 16:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 17:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 18:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal displacer of blame'
        else:
            # use history, opponent_history, score, opponent_score
            # to compute your strategy
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'o' # blames other in anger of being betrayed
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 19:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    







    ######
    ######
    #
    elif player == 20:
        if getting_team_name:
            return 'loyal vengeful'
        else:
            if len(opponent_history)==0: #It's the first round: collude
                return 'c'
            elif history[-1]=='c' and opponent_history[-1]=='b':
                return 'b' # betray is they were severely punished last time
            else:
                return 'c' #otherwise collude
    
    






def play_tournament(num_players):
    #create a list of zeros, one per player
    scores = []
    for i in range(num_players):
        scores += [0]
    
    
    ''' Get the team name from each team algorithm'''
    #create a list of the right length
    team_names = range(num_players)
    for player in range(num_players):
        team_names[player] = get_action(player,'','',0,0,getting_team_name=True)
             
    # each element will become a column for each player
    # range is just to get list of correct size
    result_table=range(num_players)     
    moves_table=range(num_players) 
    
    
    for player1 in range(num_players):  
        # create the column for each player
        # range just to get list of correct size
        result_table[player1]=range(num_players) 
        result_table[player1][player1]=0 # initialize unused diagonal to 0
        moves_table[player1]=range(num_players)
        # play a game between with every other player of lower number
        for player2 in range(player1):
            moves1, moves2, score1, score2 = \
                play_iterative_rounds(player1, player2)
            
            rounds = len(moves1)
            score1_per_round = score1/rounds 
            score2_per_round = score2/rounds
            
            result_table[player1][player2]=score1_per_round
            result_table[player2][player1]=score2_per_round
            
            moves_table[player1][player2] = moves1
            moves_table[player2][player1] = moves2
            
            #accumulate the results for the two players
            scores[player1] += score1*1.0/len(moves1)#ends up same as column sum
            scores[player2] += score2*1.0/len(moves2)#ends up same as column sum
     
    '''report round-level results in a data file'''
    use_datafile=True
    if use_datafile:
        # use the same directory as the python script
        import os.path              
        directory = os.path.dirname(os.path.abspath(__file__))  
        
        #name the file tournament.txt
        filename = os.path.join(directory, 'tournament.txt')
        #create the file for the round-by-round results
        results = open(filename,'w')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            for player2 in range(player1):
                # store the results in the file
                #title by team numbers
                results.write('team ' + str(player1) + 
                              ' vs. ' + 'team ' + str(player2) +'\n')
                #title by player-on-player average score
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2]) + 
                              ' vs. ' + str(result_table[player2][player1])+'\n')
                #title by team names
                results.write(team_names[player1] + 
                             ' vs. ' + team_names[player2] + '\n')
                #show the moves, aligned vertically
                results.write(moves_table[player1][player2] +'\n')
                results.write(moves_table[player2][player1] +'\n')
                #blank line between each pair's results
                results.write('\n')
            
        #at the bottom repeat the output that was sent to the screen
        #print a title for the table
        results.write('\n\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n\n')
        #print header line
        results.write('\t') #skip 1st column
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player1)+'\t') # label each additional column
        results.write('\n')
        
        #print each player's scores
        for player2 in range(num_players):
            results.write('P'+str(player2)+'\t') #label the player's row
            for player1 in range(num_players):
                #print score against each other player
                results.write(str(result_table[player1][player2])+'\t') 
            results.write('\n')
        results.write('Total:\t')
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            results.write(str(int(scores[player1]))+'\t')
        results.write('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')       
    
        #print team ids, total scores, and names
        for player in range(num_players):
            results.write('player ' + str(player) + ': ' + \
                    str(int(scores[player])/num_players) + ' points: '+\
                    team_names[player]+'\n')
                    
                    
        #append the file showing algorithms
        results.write('\n\n' + '-'*79 + '\n' + \
                    'Here is the code that produced this data:\n\n')
        this_code_file = open(__file__, 'r')
        for line in this_code_file:
            results.write(line)
                
    '''report the results on screen'''        
    #print a title for the table
    print('\n\n\tEach column shows score earned per round against each other player.\n\n')
    
    #print header line
    print('\t', end='') #skip 1st column
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player1, end='\t') # label each additional column
    print()
    
    #print each player's scores
    for player2 in range(num_players):
        print('P',player2, end='\t') #label the player's row
        for player1 in range(num_players):
            #print score against each other player
            print(result_table[player1][player2], end='\t') 
        print()
    #print row of total scores
    print('Total:\t',end='')
    for player1 in range(num_players):
        print(str(int(scores[player1])),end='\t')

    print('\n\n\n Average per round, with team strategy names:\n\n')
    #print team ids, total scores, and names
    for player in range(num_players):
        print('player ' + str(player) , ': ' , 
               str(int(scores[player])/num_players) , ' points: ',
               team_names[player])
    
